BLACKBOXAI

Sure! Here’s a C++ coding problem for you to solve:

Problem: Inventory Management System
You are tasked with creating a simple inventory management system for a store. The system should allow the user to
add items to the inventory, remove items, and display the current inventory.

Requirements:
Item Class:

Create a class named Item that has the following private member variables:
string name: The name of the item.
int quantity: The quantity of the item in stock.
double price: The price of the item.
The class should have a constructor to initialize these member variables.
Implement a method display() that prints the item's details in a readable format.
Inventory Class:

Create a class named Inventory that manages a collection of Item objects.
The class should have the following methods:
void addItem(const Item& item): Adds an item to the inventory.
void removeItem(const string& itemName): Removes an item from the inventory by name.
void displayInventory() const: Displays all items in the inventory.
Main Function:

In the main() function, create an instance of the Inventory class.
Provide a simple menu to the user to:
Add an item
Remove an item
Display the inventory
Exit the program
Use a loop to allow the user to perform multiple operations until they choose to exit.
Example Output:
Insert Code
Run
Copy code
Inventory Management System
1. Add Item
2. Remove Item
3. Display Inventory
4. Exit
Choose an option: 1
Enter item name: Apple
Enter item quantity: 10
Enter item price: 0.5

1. Add Item
2. Remove Item
3. Display Inventory
4. Exit
Choose an option: 3
Current Inventory:
Name: Apple, Quantity: 10, Price: $0.50

1. Add Item
2. Remove Item
3. Display Inventory
4. Exit
Choose an option: 4
Exiting the program.
Notes:
You can use std::vector to store the items in the Inventory class.
Make sure to handle cases where the user tries to remove an item that does not exist in the inventory.
You can add additional features or validations as you see fit.
Good Luck!
Feel free to ask if you need any hints or guidance while working on this problem!

